---
title: 马耳他文件问题
updated: 2017-03-08 05:42:28Z
created: 2017-02-23 09:13:02Z
source: >-
  https://translate.google.com/toolkit/content?did=004nv4f00z4x09lynbi8&src=true&rid=0&hl=zh_CN
author: tangyongfeng@gmail.com
---

1、马耳他的博彩授权是否可以在欧盟其他的国家获得认可
     主要国家对远程博彩的
2、EEA 
https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E6%AD%90%E6%B4%B2%E7%B6%93%E6%BF%9F%E5%8D%80
3、系统审核的标准是什么
4、业务审核的标准是什么
5、关于资金管理是否有要求？例如我们做jackpot，如果迟迟这个大奖不能放出去，可能会越积越多，是否有资金管理方面的要求？例如我们需要找银行或者审计事务所对资金的管理和使用进行审计。
.1 THE GAMING LICENSES  博彩牌照
1.1.1 Introduction 介绍
There are four (4) different gaming licenses that a prospective applicant may apply for, being:
有四种不同的博彩牌照供潜在的申请人申请，分别是：
a)       Class 1 Remote Gaming License – a remote gaming license.

Operators applying for this license shall manage their own risk by offering players repetitive games which results depend on random generation e.g.: casino type games, slots and other games of chance;
a）1类远程游戏许可证 - 远程游戏许可证。

申请此许可证的运营商应通过提供玩家不断的玩游戏来体验风险，结果取决于随机生成，例如：赌场类游戏，老虎机和其他机会类游戏;
 
b)       Class 2 Remote Gaming License - a remote betting office license.

Operators operating this license manage their own risk by offering bets on events based on a matchbook e.g.: fixed-odds betting;
b）2类在线博彩许可证 -在线博彩办公室许可证。

操作此许可证的运营商通过基于比赛的事件提供投注来体验风险，例如：固定赔率投注;
 
c)       Class 3 Remote Gaming License - a license to promote and, or abet remote gaming from Malta) (e.g.: poker networks, bingo networks, betting exchange and other pool and Player to Player (P2P games)
 
d)       Class 4 Remote Gaming License – a license to host and manage remote gaming operators) excluding the licensee himself.

Operators with this license are B2B operators that provide management and hosting facilities on their gaming platform to other B2C operators and EEA licensees.

When a gaming operator uses the infrastructure of a licensed Class 4 operator, such operator will be deemed to be a Class 1/2/3 on 4 operator.
The distinction between the different classes of licenses is important as the gaming tax differs from one Class to another.
1.1.2 Client business model
China Lottery Online Corporation Ltd (“clo”) will be hosting the games that it develops and providing licenses to other operators on a business – to – business (B2B) model. 

Accordingly, clo would require a Class 4 license issued by the MGA.
At this stage, it is very important to bring to your attention the distinction between the socalled stand-alone ‘Class 1’ license (B2C) and the ‘Class 1 on 4’ license (B2C).
The standalone ‘Class 1’ license is awarded to applicants that are desirous of making available the RNG (and live casino) games that they have themselves developed or that they have the necessary license to use to players.
On the other hand, a ‘Class 1 on 4’ license is awarded to operators that use games that have been developed and are operated by a ‘Class 4’ operator (such as clo). 

A Class 4 operator is in fact a B2B platform provider that makes that platform available to gaming operators that will be using the Class 4 games on their own websites. 

Some of the more famous Class 4 operators include NetEnt and Microgaming.
Using a Class 4 operator provides important gaming tax savings for the operator. 

The popularity and advantages offered by such business models is seen in the number of licenses that have been awarded. 

It should be pointed out that as of today, there are just 16 stand-alone “Class 1” operators compared to 264 “Class 1 on 4” operators.
The gaming tax due to MGA for a Class 1 operator is set at €7,000 monthly (fixed amount) whereas the gaming tax due to MGA for a Class 1 on 4 operator is set at €1,220 monthly (fixed amount).